Rule the Court
Come on, Seijou!
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
Let's go, Date Tech!
The Iron Wall of Date
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
Let's have a good match!
Yeah.
Now, now. Don't be so tense.
You guys still have next year.
That's irrelevant.
Your reputation or status doesn't matter once you're on the court.
I know, right?
Heads is Seijou, tails is Date Tech.
It doesn't matter if you're a first-year or a third-year.
The better team wins,
and the team who lets the ball hit the floor loses.
All right!
It's that simple.
Leap and fly! High!
Flecked with blood, sweat, and tears
Those glistening wings can let you leave it all behind
So just fly
H
a
i
S
e
k
y
c
u
o
n
u
d
!
S
e
!
a
s
o
n
Fly high
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Into the distant future
H
a
i
k
y
u
H
a
i
k
y
u
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
S
e
c
o
n
d
S
e
a
s
o
n
!
The bruise-covered fledgling glares up at the sky
As the ones who've just found their wings laugh derisively
They just want to see the ends of the ocean
Empty your mind
Let the headwinds guide your approach
And with a hop, step, and a jump
Leap and fly! High!
Let your wings, glistening with blood, sweat, and tears
Take you to wherever you need to go
Unleash your unrefined impulses
Uncover your instincts and bare your uncut fangs
It may take an arduous path
But be torn down it endlessly to achieve your dream
So just fly
Fly high
Into the distant future
Episode Eighteen:
The Losers
It's going out of bounds!
Shake it off! Focus on the next one!
My bad!
I haven't even hit that many spikes,
yet I've managed to mess up three this set.
Waku South                   Karasuno
Man, what's wrong with him?
I think it's partially due to him not used to being on the right side.
But the biggest factor is probably the pressure he's under.
One point at a time!
Got it.
I touched it!
Damn, they're actually pretty good.
Waku South                      Karasuno
All right!
Waku South's Nakashima seems to really be in the groove now.
On the other hand, it seems like Karasuno is struggling with that.
Hey!
You got a look on your face like the world's going to end.
It's too early for the world to end.
I'm the Earth Defense Force!
I do not look like that!
All right! Chikara's back in action!
Not much you can do if you get completely blown away, but there are still some balls that you can dig out!
Calm down.
I can't keep dwelling on it.
I've gotta do this! Like Daichi would!
You're landing a lot of your attacks. Keep it going!
Yes, sir!
Coach!
Huh?
So the Little Giant was like Waku South's number one?
Well, the way he plays is probably the closest in the prefecture.
Hey, don't try to compete with him.
He's better in mid-air battles than you are.
Just play like you usually do.
Why are you always such a buzzkill?!
That was just some kind advice!
You call that kind?!
I know that he's good!
H-Hinata, calm down...
That's why I'm trying to figure out what to do!
You don't have a brain, so don't even bother trying.
What was that?!
Waku South                         Karasuno
Takeru!
That was a really risky straight spike!
He's so good!
Nice spike!
You aren't even 170 cm tall.
I can't deny your skills, but I'm not going to lose to you.
Give us another good serve, Tabi!
Yeah, leave it to me!
I'm going to surpass the Little Giant, not you!
Waku South
Give us a good serve!
Crap!
Hinata, it's all yours!
Yeah!
I'm going to go for a wipe.
He really hit that one out of the park.
I'm sorry!
As Kageyama said, Nakashima is clearly better right now on an individual level.
It's fine!
I told you not to try to compete with him, moron!
Do it one more time, Tabi!
Got it!
I hit it right at him.
All right, we dug it out!
Two blockers!
Damn, not again!
So fast!
Look out!
Counterattack!
Your skills are no match for Nakashima's or the Little Giant's right now.
But...
you can still fight with everything you've learned!
Yeah!
Are you all right?!
I got overexcited.
Be careful! Seriously, be careful!
Bumping into a guy this light is nothing.
That spike was awesome!
Even if we're backed into a corner, we still have
the firepower to push through. That's our weapon.
Kageyama actually said something decent!
I think you said something like that once.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
S-Sorry, sir. Are you all right?
I got knocked flat on my back.
It's hard to believe he used to struggle with diving receives after that one.
Yeah.
Let's see your killer serve!
Their number ten has amazing reflexes and mobility.
Waku South
Shiro!
A tip!
Nice receive!
Let it go!
Sorry for the low set!
I could see the tip coming, but I started moving too late.
Daichi would've been able to get that ball to the setter properly.
I'm sorry.
Why are you saying sorry?
You're about ten years away from being able to do what Daichi...
No, that's too long.
You're about a year away from that!
That just now was a good receive, no matter what anyone says!
Let's not mention any realistic numbers like "one year."
Karasuno
Someone get it!
Takeru!
All right!
Damn it!
It's gonna be rough if they can't do something about that wipe.
You nearly got it! Don't worry!
I don't have the time to wallow in my failures right now.
Playing on par with Daichi just isn't possible for me as things stand.
I know that he's good!
That's why I'm trying to figure out what to do!
Hey, can I have a moment?
When their number one goes for a wipe,
I'll chase after the ball.
Tanaka and Asahi, you two are way better at digging out powerful spikes than I am.
So I want you two to defend against straight spikes,
and I'll stay back in the middle to try to get any balls that go that way.
I can't guarantee that it'll work, but...
Yeah, let's give it a shot.
Th-Thank you very much!
Can I dig out powerful spikes better than Ennoshita?
Got it!
All right!
Takeru!
Yeah!
Two blockers!
I can't guarantee that it'll work, but...
Yeah, let's give it a shot.
If I can't save this...
I don't deserve to stand on this court!
Ennoshita!
Damn...
Make it!
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
Ennoshita!
Damn...
Hinata, it's all yours!
Three blockers!
If I just spike it, they'll block it.
Let's regroup.
He...
All right!
Got it!
What? Did he hit the block on purpose?
That was a rebound.
When did he learn that?
During the summer training camp.
But that was pure luck.
Let me have another shot!
With Daichi absent, our defense is weaker than usual.
Whether intentionally or not,
Bring it!
Hinata's trying to deal with this situation.
That was awesome, Hinata!
I feel like someone's complimenting me!
That'd never happen.
Where'd you learn that?!
Actually, Bokuto taught me it during the training camp.
I knew that Karasuno had an amazing short guy,
What? No fair!
You lucky bastard!
but I thought that was only because of the setter.
You should've told me earlier!
And yet...
Good job, Hinata, Tanaka!
Chikara!
Nice receive.
That's no fair, Noya.
Getting a compliment from him about a receive would cheer anyone up.
He's in.
Pardon?
He's just a substitute, and he can't completely blend
in with the vibe on the court since he doesn't belong.
I think that's how Ennoshita used to feel.
But I think the last play took care of that.
How so?
He came up with the plan,
told the rest of the team, and then executed it.
That sort of thing builds confidence.
I see.
It's difficult.
All right!
Until recently, Karasuno was an
average team that didn't stand out.
He's the Little Giant!
Back when I first started to worry about my height,
that match showed me there was a path I could take.
He aimed that spike perfectly!
He has amazing vision!
Karasuno's number ten.
He bears the same number on his back that the Little Giant did.
One more!
Takeru!
I'll start by defeating you!
Number one is doing a back row attack!
Karasuno
Waku South
All right!
Karasuno
Waku South
We caught up!
Karasuno
Waku South
Sorry, the set was low.
Give us a good serve, Ennoshita!
Got it!
Nice!
All right!
Thank goodness.
Even though you're older than Takeru, sometimes it feels like the reverse.
You're gonna make me cry!
Karasuno                       Waku South
Give us a good one, Asahi!
Sorry! I hit it too far!
It's going over the net!
Takeru!
Kageyama, push it over!
It's at times like this that I'm painfully reminded
of the wall called height.
Nice save, Tabi!
Keep it going!
Karasuno's number ten, I won't lose to you!
Takeru!
I won't lose,
and neither will my teammates' bravery!
All right!
Karasuno                   Waku South
Hang in there.
If you keep it up, they'll start making mistakes.
On top of that, they're missing their captain.
Hang in there until they crack.
Yes, sir!
Lastly,
go show them who's really the Little Giant in this match.
Yes, sir!
Waku South
Hinata, your serve!
Right!
Mr. Ukai...
Huh?
He was saying that it might be better to start giving sets to Azumane since the match is almost over.
Right.
Watch for a fast attack!
Nice receive!
Now that Hinata's in the back row,
they're definitely going to be cautious of Azumane.
The best time to set the ball to him...
should be...
right now!
All right!
It's in bounds! Thank goodness.
Chikara!
Even though the match is on the line,
he set it to someone who hasn't gotten many spikes off.
Nice spike, Ennoshita!
That first-year setter is definitely gutsy.
Damn, I'm not sure if I should be happy about this or not.
Karasuno
Give us a good one, Asahi!
Give 'em a fierce one!
Finish the match off in one go!
It's out!
All right!
Nice eye!
I'm sor—
Let's get the next one!
Karasuno                   Waku South
Don't look at the score...
Give us a good serve, Matsushima!
Calm down. Stay calm.
Oh crap!
Let it go!
Nice call!
I-I'm sor—
Okay, let's change gears!
There's no problem if we get the next one!
Hey, Matsushima!
If you're still depressed when you rotate back to the front row, I'm gonna make you buy me a popsicle!
Right!
Karasuno                     Waku South
Karasuno's at match point.
And here comes Karasuno's number ten again.
Waku South's in trouble.
Got it!
All right!
They targeted the spot Yuu left open?
They're calm.
You can do this, Kawatabi!
Tabi, get this one!
If I mess this up, it's all over.
You'll look really cool if you hit this one as hard as you can.
It's up! Nice job, Nishinoya!
It's in a bad location!
Kageyama!
But a fast attack is still possible!
Got it!
Or should I let Tanaka have it?
No, a fast attack can make it!
It's a bit high?
They rushed it!
Hang in there until they crack.
Here's our chance!
Hinata!
Don't flail about!
A good jump...
...starts with a good approach!
At this point, we no longer have the advantage of Karasuno's captain being absent.
Eye on the ball!
Yeah.
It's too late!
All...
...right!
Karasuno                   Waku South
Thank you for the match!
What?
I couldn't beat their number one head-to-head.
He was more like the Little Giant than I was.
Of course. You're not even good enough to shine the Little Giant's shoes, you moron.
Hey! What are you guys doing?!
Come on, line up!
Bow.
Thank you very much!
You fought hard, Takeru!
Today was just our second match.
Our next opponent will be even harder.
Daichi!
Uh, um...
I'm sorry.
D-D-D...
Daichi!
D-Daichi! A-Are...
I'm fine.
No, seriously. I got some rest.
I actually feel better than before the match.
I'll work twice as hard in the next match.
You guys must be exhausted from playing all three sets.
Come on, rest.
Oh, our next opponent's playing right now.
I was watching from around the 20-point mark.
At first, I thought I needed to get back out there soon as possible.
But when I actually saw you guys in action, I knew everything would be okay.
I even felt like I'd ruin the rhythm you guys had if I went back out.
Good job with that last receive, Ennoshita.
Right.
Sorry.
Could you go on ahead?
Doesn't Ennoshita seem a bit down considering we won?
Yeah.
I messed up half the spikes I hit,
and I only made some real receives in the second half of the match.
But for the first time, I felt like I left it all on the court.
So why...
Why am I so relieved?!
I should be getting ready to take on whoever we end up playing next!
I'm such a goddamn idiot!
That was amazing!
I was watching the last bit with Sawamura!
We're gonna win the next match too!
Doesn't Yamaguchi seem down?
Sorry.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom,
so go on ahead without me.
He's really pumped about going to the bathroom.
He must need to shit.
Say "poop"! You're so vulgar, Kageyama!
I don't think he's actually going to the bathroom.
Hey, Takeru. It's time for the meeting.
You know...
Huh?
The end happened in slow motion.
I locked eyes with number ten.
I could tell that he figured out where I was aiming for.
That was the first time I was able to see it so clearly.
It gave me goosebumps.
Let me...
Let me have another chance!
Aoba Jousai
Attack! Attack, attack, attack, attack, Seijou!
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
Rule the Court
Work it, work it, work it, Seijou!
The Iron Wall of Date
Hey, don't eat too much.
Now...
let's see who our next opponent will be.
When I was just a nobody, something lit up my eyes
I was merely a guy languishing complacently in the dark, happy with what I had
Now I'm torn toward the heavens even on a starless night
Whether our time comes to us or not is a matter for those in another world
That's right, our lungs pumping and our hearts beating is all we have in this new realm
We've always been dancing on an unlit stage, but now beyond that
We're awaiting the rising of a sun that none have yet witnessed
Now that we're deliberating at a crossroads, paths blurring together
We can feel it
Inside this uncharted world which has yet to take on a name
As I'm waiting for the dawn to reach my eyes with a familiar light
I'm reminded of days I won't return to, and seeking proof of newfound existence
We brace ourselves
Lately, I've been conflicted as a coach because everyone's doing so well.
And Nishinoya keeps scolding me.
Wanna join me?
Uh, I'm a minor!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
Episode Nineteen:
The Iron Wall Can Be Built Again and Again
"The Iron Wall Can Be Built Again and Again."